bwin hello my name is nadas mituna sam
from lithuania and 19 years old i'm
playing a visa ban i think everybody put
the spain in a favorite position but
from my opinion there's like many other
good teams and they're gonna it's going
to be really nice tournament i think
it's going to be like really interesting
games like a lot of groups like strong
teams also that everybody put the
American and then in the favorite teams
I think that other teams with the
younger player is going to give a big
challenge for them for me personally
like in all time was least colac who was
playing for gene Tina and I mean when I
was child I was cheering for him in
there like he was playing against my
team zalgiris you know for my opinion
you're supposed to bed on Greece because
I can grease in every year they have
really good team good communication and
they have really good between young
coach from my opinions really tough
group and I think it's going to be like
for first first three teams from my
opinion they have the same points and
just it's going to be different just
with the points in the game I mean I
think there's going to be like really
big nest so I think that spin it's been
going to control the group but friends a
really good team between e also i think
it's spain supposed to win but not a lot
like by four or five points and i think
that they're better than them branch but
it depends you know that it's just the
start of the tournament so anything can
happen spain for sure going to be the
favorite favorite enough of the tonight
they already are the favorite of
tournaments
in Fort Wayne it's gonna be tough game
and I don't want to say that they're
gonna win because they have young team
it depends how they understand I mean as
i told you it nobody knows we're going
to who can happen i mean the second day
is also like after the first group it's
going to be like the team is going to
show the real faces sometimes you you
have like 12 great players like stars
and they're not playing how they're
supposed to play so as I told you it's
going to be really interesting games
it's kind of really interesting this
group is for my opinions when you not
not because the twain on the queen is
there but I think that it's going to be
like really real nice group b win